Part III Reading Comprehension (40 minutes) Section A Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for each blank from a list of choices given in a word bankf ollowing the passage. Read the passage through carefully before making your choices, Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once. The city of Bath was founded by the Romans almost two thousand years ago. It has been famous for its 26 pleasing architecture and healing thermal springs ever since. There are three hot springs in Bath; one is the King's Spring, upon which the Roman Baths and a temple were 27 . The other two are the Cross Spring and the Hetling Spring, close to each other in Hot Bath Street. Although Bath is 28 known as a Roman and Georgian city, many people came in the in tervening centuries to make use of the 29 waters. While the Georgians made "taking the waters' or bathing particularly fashionable, it was 30 generations who paved the way, creating greater in terest in Bath and its springs. Charles II , desperate for an heir and unable to produce a 31 son, came to Bath to take the waters in the hope that their magical powers would do something to 32 the situation. Craving for a male heir, James and Mary both came to Bath and soon after produced a son, which bred many conspiracy theories about who was the real father of their 33 . Regardless, the "miracle9 created something of a boom in to urism for Bath and once Queen Anne had paid a visit in 1702, sealing it as the place to be, the whole nation 34 to the city. Afterwards, the spas (矿泉疗 养浴场)in Bath continued to go in and out of fashion for more than 150 years until they closed completely. The new Bath Spa, which opened in 2006, 35 modem architecture with the ancient spring, now the New Royal Bath. A) aestheticallyI) of fspring B) constructed J) previous C) designatesK) principally D) extractL) remedy E) flockedM) rhetorically F) in corporates N) sneaked G) legitimate O) versatile H) natural Section B Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each statement contains in formation given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from which the in formation is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2. https://zhenti.burningvocabulary.com/ The Doctor Will Skype You Now A) Fazila is a young woman that has been dealing with eczema (S^), a common skin condition, for the past five years, but never got it treated. The nearest hospital is an hour away, by boat and bus, and her skin condition didn't seem serious enough to make the trek, so she ignored it- until a new technology brought the doctor to her. Fazila lives on one of the remote river islands in no rthern Bangladesh. These islands are low-lying, temporary sand islands that are continuously formed and destroyed through sand buildup and erosion. They are home to over six million people, who face repeated displacement from flooding and erosion- which may be getting worse because of climate change-and a range of health risks, in cluding poor nutrition, malaria (疟疾)and other water-borne diseases. B) The most dangerous thing for these remote island dwellers is land erosion. The second is lack of access to medical supplies and doctors. There are no doctors within miles, and while child mortality and maternal death have gone down in the rest of the country, this is not the case for the islands. The medical situation is so bad that it really takes away from the quality of their life. Yet for many island in habitants— —some of Bangladesh's poorest- paying for health care is a costly ordeal. Victims of erosion lose their houses, agricultural land and jobs as farmers, fishermen and day laborers. Though government hospitals are free, many people hesitate to go, citing long commutes, endless lines and questionable diagnoses. For convenience's sake, one-third of rural households visit unqualified village doctors, who rely on unscientific methods of treatment, according to a 2016 study in the peer-reviewed journal Global Health Action. C) On the islands, there9s even a colloquial (口 头的)expression for the idea of making medical care your lowest priority: It's known as “rog pushai rakha^^ in Bengali, which roughly translates to "stockpiling their diseases”- waiting to seek medical attention until a condition becomes extremely serious. Now, a new virtual medical service called Teledaktar (TD) is trying to make health care more easily accessible. Every week, TD's medical operators travel to the islands by boat, carrying a laptop, a portable printer for prescriptions and to ols to run basic medical screenings such as blood pressure, blood sugar, body temperature and weight. They choose an area of the island with the best Internet reception and set up a makeshift (临 时凑合的)medical center which consists of plastic stools and small tables borrowed from the locals' homes, a tent in case of rain and a sheet that is strung up to give the patients privacy during their session. D) Launched in October 2018, TD has eight centers in to wns and villages across rural Bangladesh and on three islands. It is funded by a no nprofit organization founded by Bangladeshi entrepreneurs, finance and technology professionals. Inside the center, the laptop screen lights up to reveal Dr. Tina Mustahid, TD's head physician, live-streamed (网络直播)from the capital city of Dhaka for free remote medical consultations. Affectionately called Doctor Apa一 "older sister" in Bengali- by her patients, she is one of three volunteer doctors at TD. E) “I diagnose them through conversation,says Dr. Mustahid. '"Sometimes it's really obvious things that local doctors don't have the patience to talk through with their patients. For example, a common complaint mothers come in with is that their children refuse to eat their meals. The mothers are concerned they are dealing with in digestion, https://zhenti.burningvocabulary.com/ but it's because they are feeding the children packaged chips which are cheap and convenient. I tell them it is ruining their appetite and ask them to cut back on unhealthy snacks." Dr. Mustahid says building awareness about health and nutrition is important for island patients who are cut off from mainland resources. F) Even off the islands, Bangladesh faces a critical deficit of health services. The country has half the doctors-per-person ratio recommended by the World Health Organization: roughly one doctor per 2,000 people, in stead of one doctor per 1,000 people. And of those physicians, many are concentrated in cities: 70% of the country's population live in rural areas, yet less than 20% of health workers practice there. Over 70% of TD's 3,000 patients are female, in part because many are not comfortable speaking with local doctors who tend to be male. The rural women are mostly not literate or confident enough to travel on their own to the nearest to wn to visit medical facilities. Many have spent their entire lives rebuilding their homes when the islands flood. Early marriage and young motherhood, which are prevalent in these parts of Bangladesh, also contribute to the early onset of health problems. G) For most TD patients on the islands, Dr. Mustahid is the first big-city doctor that they've ever consulted. TD doctors are not meant to treat serious illnesses or conditions that require a doctor to be physically present, such as pregnancy. But they can write prescriptions, diagnose common ailments一including digestive issues, joint pain, skin diseases, fever and the common cold— —and refer patients to doctors at local hospitals. The visit is also an opportunity for the patients, especially women, to air their concerns about aging, motherhood and reproductive health according to Dr. Mustahid. The doctors also of fer health, dietary and lifestyle advice where necessary, in cluding in sight on everything from recognizing postnatal (产 后的)depression to daily exercise. Dr. Mustahid regularly recommends her patients to take a daily thirty-minute morning walk before the sun gets too in tense. H) After a few sessions about general health issues Fazila finally opened up about something else that was bothering her: her persistent skin condition. It can get expensive to travel to the doctor, so usually the women living on the islands describe their illness to their husbands. The husbands then go to the pharmacy, try to describe the issue and return home with some random medicines. Nothing worked for Fazila until she started seeing Dr. Apa. I) Other no nprofits are also starting to provide health services on the islands. A local non-governmental organization called Friendship operates floating boat hospitals that provide health services to islands all over Bangladesh, docking at each for two months at a time. Friendship also runs satellite clinics in which one doctor and one clinic aide who are residents of the community disperse health and hygiene in formation. J) TD still has a few major challenges. Many residents complain the medicines they are prescribed are sometimes unaffordable, but the government isn't doing enough for them. Patients of ten ask why the medicine isn't free along with the consultation from the doctors. The organizations are linked to local pharmacies and of fer discounts to the patients and make sure to prescribe the most cost-effective brands, but still many residents can't afford even that. K) Nevertheless, TD's remote consultations seem to be popular: Of 3,000 patients, at least https://zhenti.burningvocabulary.com/ 200 have returned for follow-ups, according to TD. The reason, explains one resident, might be the simple gesture of treating the island in habitants with respect. ctDr. Apa is patient,“ he says, “At government hospitals, the doctors treat us very badly, but here they listen to us, I can repeat myself many times and no one gets annoyed.^^ 36. Some children on the remote islands won't eat their meals because they are fed cheap junk food. 37. Unlike other parts of Bangladesh, the number of women who die from giving birth remains high on the river islands. 38. One big problem many islanders have is that they can't afford the prescribed medicines, even with discounts of fered. 39. TD is a virtual medical service financially supported by one of the nation's no nprofit organizations. 40. TD doctors are welcome to the islanders because they treat the sick with respect and patience. 41. Women islanders tend to have health problems early partly because they get married and give birth early. 42. TD doctors make weekly visits to the remote islands to provide services at a temporary medical center. 43. TD doctors provide the islanders with online diagnoses and treatments for common diseases. 44. The residents of the river islands have to keep moving their homes because of floods and land erosions. 45. Women islanders usually rely on their husbands to get some medicines for them without diagnoses and prescriptions. Section C Directions: There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A), B), C) and D). You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. Passage One Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage. Selective colleges and universities in the U.S. are under fire for being too elite and too expensive, and for not training graduates for the world of work. Such charges ignore the fact that these in stitutions continue to prepare students for success in their work, for thoughtful engagement in civic life, for lifelong learning, and for understanding the world and those with whom they live. These colleges and universities must be doing something right. Applications are at record highs, and their financial aid programs make them more accessible than ever. This model of education has long played a central role in creating opportunity, driving economic https://zhenti.burningvocabulary.com/ growth, and spurring in no vation. Yet, there is growing skepticism about the value of this model. The recent tax reform bill is a wake-up call that our strongest colleges and universities are under assault by some in government. The in itial proposals would have made education unaffordable for many by taxing tuition waivers for graduate students and ending deductions for student loan in terest. Thankfully, these provisions were ultimately stripped from the bill, but lawmakers let stand a new tax on the in vestment in come of some colleges and universities. While these attacks are motivated by misguided ideas, we need to do a better job of explaining why these claims are false and why what we do is valuable. We cannot take for granted that any of this is obvious. It is of ten said that elite colleges and universities do not train students, particularly those who study the liberal arts, for the workforce. But this can be refuted by scholarly research. The data are clear: a liberal arts education is great career preparation, both for excellent lifetime earnings and for satisfaction with the work. This education develops the skills of critical thinking, rigorous analysis of data and facts, communication with the written and spoken word, understanding of cultural differences and issues, and the ability to keep learning. In fact, liberal arts graduates do extremely well in every imaginable field. Access to an education at selective colleges and universities is now more available than ever to low-and middle-in come families. We have built endowments from donations by alumni (校友)and parents who understand and appreciate our mission to provide access and opportunity, and a significant portion of the returns from these endowments is used to fund financial aid. Ironically, the new tax on endowments drains financial aid funds from the very schools most able to of fer opportunity to those who have earned a spot but cannot otherwise afford this education. Beyond the virtue of access to those who have earned a place at these schools, the diversity of economic backgrounds enhances the education and experience of all of our students. 46. What fact does the author emphasize concerning selective colleges and universities? A) They have been ignoring the training of graduates for the world of work. B) They have been doing well in ensuring their students a successful future. C) They have been constantly attacked for being too elite and too expensive. D) They have been actively engaged in civic life beyond the school campus. 47. What does the author say in arguing for the model of education in the U.S.? A) It has contributed substantially to the nation's overall development. B) It has succeeded in maintaining sustainable financial aid programs. C) It has given priority to in no vative programs for graduate studies. D) It has played a central role in attracting in ternational applicants. 48. What do we learn about the in itial proposals concerning the recent tax reform bill? A) They would have stripped many students of life's chances. B) They would have deducted graduate student loan in terest. C) They would have added to many students5 financial burden. D) They would have in creased the number of tuition waivers. https://zhenti.burningvocabulary.com/ 49. What do the data show about elite colleges and universities? A) Their graduates lack the rigor required for doing statistical analysis. B) Their students prove to be in adequately prepared for their future careers. C) Their focus on research is conducive to developing students9 critical thinking. D) Their liberal arts education enables graduates to excel in whatever field they are in. 50. What is an advantage of providing financial aid for students? A) Every student can choose the in stitution they wish to attend. B) All students can benefit from a diversified student population. C) All students will be able to earn a place on university campus. D) Less privileged students will be more competitive at elite schools. Passage Two Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage. When a group of Australians was asked why they believed climate change was not happening, about 36% said it was “common sense”, according to a report published last year by the Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization. This was the most popular reason fbr their opinion, with only 11% saying their belief that climate change was not happening was based on scientific research. But what do we mean by an appeal to common sense? Presumably it's an appeal to rationality of some sort that forms the basis of more complex reasoning. The appeal to common sense, however, is usually no thing more than an appeal to thinking that just feels right, but what feels right to one person may not feel right to another. Whether it feels right is usually a reflection of the world view and ideologies we have in ternalised, and that frames how we in teract with new ideas. When new ideas are in accord with what we already believe, they are more readily accepted. When they are not, they, and the arguments that lead to them, are more readily rejected. We of ten mistake this automatic compatibility testing of new ideas with existing beliefs as an application of common sense, but, in reality, it is more about judging than thinking. As Nobelist Daniel Kahneman notes in Thinking, Fast and Slow, when we arrive at conclusions in this way, the outcomes also feel true, regardless of whether they are. We are not psychologically well equipped to judge our own thinking. We are also highly susceptible to a range of cognitive biases such as giving preference to the first things that come to mind when making decisions or giving weight to evidence. One way we can check our in ternal biases and in consistencies is through the social verification of knowledge, in which we test our ideas in a rigorous and systematic way to see if they make sense not just to us, but to other people. The outstanding example of this socially shared cognition is science. That does not mean that in dividuals are not capable of excellent thinking, nor does it mean no in dividual is rational. But the extent to which in dividuals can do this on their own is a function of how well in tegrated they are with communities of systematic in quiry in the first place. You can't learn to think well by yourself. In matters of science at least, those who value their common sense over methodological, collaborative in vestigation imagine themselves to be more free in their thinking, unbound https://zhenti.burningvocabulary.com/ by in volvement with the group, but in reality they are tightly bound by their capabilities and perspectives. We are smarter together than we are in dividually, and perhaps that's just common sense. 51. What does the author in tend to show by citing the findings from the report published last year? A) People seldom appeal to rationality in their thinking. B) It is of ten the case that truth lies in the hands of a few. C) Common sense and science are the two sides of a coin. D) Few people know if climate change is really happening. 52. What is the appeal to common sense according to the author? A) It is the basis for the in ternalisation of in dividuals9 ideologies. B) It is a series of conceptions formulated from complex reasoning. C) It is collective wisdom that helps people in teract with new ideas. D) It is something subjective based on what one perceives to be right. 53. What does Daniel Kahneman think is the problem of testing new ideas with existing beliefs? A) It may lead to in correct judgment. B) It makes no use of common sense. C) It fails to correct mistakes through serious reasoning. D) It can produce psychologically unacceptable outcomes. 54. What can we do to be less susceptible to cognitive biases? A) Give equal weight to evidence of both sides in a conflict. B) Provide convincing examples in developing an argument. C) Establish socially shared cognition via scientific methods. D) Avoid in consistencies when addressing controversial issues. 55. What message does the author try to convey at the end of the passage? A) Multiple perspectives stimulate people's in terest in exploring the unknown. B) Individuals can enhance their overall capabilities by in teracting with others. C) Individuals should think freely to break from the restrictions of common sense. D) Collaborative efforts can overcome in dividuals limitations in scientific in quiry.