Part III Reading Comprehension (40 minutes) Section A Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for 4 https://zhenti.burningvocabulary.com each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once. The desert is deceiving. At first glance it looks lifeless, barren, and bone-dry. For most passersby humming through the Mojave on their way to try their luck in Las Vegas or heading towards the Grand Canyon, it’s just a 26 stretch of land with some mountains in the distance and more 27 to be a setting for a movie that takes place on Mars. The desert, however, is 28 with life, mystery, and magic. The Mojave desert sees less than two in ches of rain a year, and like most deserts, is a land of 29 . Temperature fluctuations vary from freezing to 30 hot, not only between seasons, but even within the same day. At the heart of this vast, 25,000-square-mile desert is Mojave National Preserve. The folks managing and working there wear the wide-brimmed (宽边的) hats that have become 31 with places like Yosemite. The preserve is rich with history, culture, biodiversity, and endless opportunities to 32 your in terest, especially for anyone who loves the outdoors. For a photographer, it requires patience and 33 a few spare tires to maneuver the network of unpaved “roads”, but the rewards are plenty. Photographing here requires a good, 34 pair of shoes and a lot of preparation. Plenty of water, spare tires, and a full tank of gas are needed to explore this unit of the national park system, which is the third largest in the country. Like all deserts. though, if you are patient, you will be rewarded, as they of ten reveal their secrets slowly. During my last outing, I was surprised to see how much of the area was shaped by ancient volcanoes and geological forces, much of which remains today, giving the area a 35 feel and painting a colorful background for great photographs. A. apt B. burning C. extremes D. flat E. fractions F. overflowing G. parasites H. probably I. sparingly J. sprinkle K. steer L. stimulate M. sturdy N. synonymous O. unique Section B Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each statement contains in formation given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from which the in formation is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2. Treasure Fever A. Most visitors come to Cape Canaveral, on the no rtheast coast of Florida, for the to urist attractions. It’s home to the second-busiest cruise ship port in the world and is a gateway to the cosmos. Nearly 1.5 million visitors flock here every year to watch rockets, spacecraft, and satellites blast off into the solar system from Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex. Nearly 64 kilometers of undeveloped beach and 648 square kilometers of protected refuge fan out from the cape’s sandy shores. B. Yet some of Cape Canaveral’s most legendary attractions lie unseen, wedged under the sea’s surface in mud and sand, for this part of the world has a reputation as a deadly ship trap. Over the centuries, dozens of majestic Old World sailing ships smashed and sank on this irregular stretch of windy Florida coast. They were vessels built for war and commerce, crossing the globe carrying everything from coins to 5 https://zhenti.burningvocabulary.com cannons, boxes of silver and gold, chests of jewels and porcelain, and pearls from the Caribbean. C. Cape Canaveral contains one of the greatest concentrations of colonial shipwrecks in the world. In recent years, advances in radar, diving, detection equipment, computers, and GPS have transformed the hunt. The naked eye might see a pile of rocks, but technology can reveal the precious artifacts (人工制品) that lie hidden on the ocean floor. D. As technology renders the seabed more accessible, the hunt for treasure-filled ships has drawn a fresh tide of salvors (打捞人员) and their in vestors — as well as marine archaeologists (考古学家) wanting to bring to light the lost relics. But of late, when salvors have found vessels, their rights have been challenged in court. The big question: who should have control of these treasures? E. High-stakes fights over shipwrecks pit archaeologists against treasure hunters in a vicious cycle of accusations. Archaeologists regard themselves as protectors of history, and they see salvors as careless destroyers. Salvors feel they do the hard work of searching for ships, only to have them stolen from under them when discovered. This kind of clash in evitably takes place on a grand scale. Aside from the salvors, their in vestors, and the maritime archaeologists who serve as expert witnesses, the battles sweep in local and in ternational governments and organizations like UNESCO that work to protect under-water heritage. The court cases that ensue stretch on for years. Are finders keepers, or do the ships belong to the countries that made them and sent them sailing centuries ago? Where once salvors and archaeologists worked side by side, now they belong to opposing, and equally contemptuous, tribes. F. Nearly three million vessels lie wrecked on the Earth’s ocean floor — from old canoes to the Titanic — and likely less than one percent have been explored. Some — like an ancient Roman ship found off Antikythera, Greece, dated between 70 and 60 BC and carrying astonishingly sophisticated gears and dials for navigating by the sun — are critical to a new understanding of our past. No wonder there is an eternal stirring among everybody from salvors to scholars to find them. G. In May 2016, a salvor named Bobby Pritchett, president of Global Marine Exploration (GME) in Tampa, Florida, announced that he had discovered scattered remains of a ship buried a kilometer off Cape Canaveral. Over the prior three years, he and his crew had obtained 14 state permits to survey a nearly 260-square-kilometer area off the cape; they worked 250 days a year, backed by in vestor funds of, he claims, US $4 million. It was hard work. Crew members were up at dawn, dragging sensors from their expedition vessels back and forth, day in and day out, year after year, to detect metal of any kind. Using computer technology, Pritchett and his crew created in tricate, color-coded maps marked with the GPS coordinates of thousands of finds, all in visible under a meter of sand. H. One day in 2015, the magnetometer (磁力计) picked up metal that turned out to be an iron cannon; when the divers blew the sand away, they also discovered a more precious bronze cannon with markings in dicating French royalty and, not far off, a famous marble column carved with the coat of arms of France, known from historical paintings. The discovery was cause for celebration. The artifacts in dicated the divers had likely found the wreck of La Trinity, a 16th-century French vessel that had been at the center of a bloody battle between France and Spain that changed the fate of the United States of America. I. And then the legal storm began, with GME and Pritchett pitted against Florida and France. The Sunken Military Craft Act of 2004, a US federal act, protects any vessel that was on a military mission, allowing the originating country to claim their ship even centuries later. In 2018, two long years after Pritchett’s discovery, the federal district court ruled in favor of France. For Pritchett, the decision was devastating. Millions of dollars of in vestor funding and years of labor were lost. 6 https://zhenti.burningvocabulary.com J. But this is far from the first time a salvor has lost all rights to a discovery. In 2012, for in stance, Spain won a five-year legal battle against Odyssey Marine Exploration, which had hauled 594,000 gold and silver coins from a Spanish wreck off the coast of Portugal across the Atlantic to the United States. “Treasure hunters can be naive,” says attorney David Concannon, who has had several maritime archaeologists as clients and represented two sides in the battles over the Titanic for 20 years. “Many treasure hunters don’t understand they are going to have to fight for their rights against a government that has an endless supply of money for legal battles that treasure hunters are likely to lose.” K. Putting an in flated price on artifacts rather than viewing them as cultural and historical treasures that transcend any price is what irritates many archaeologists. For the archaeologist, everything in a wreck matters — hair, fabric, a fragment of a newspaper, rat bones — all things speak volumes. Archaeologists don’t want artifacts ending up in a private collection in stead of taking humanity on a journey of understanding. L. George Bass is one of the pioneers of under-water archaeology, and a researcher at Texas A&M University. He has testified in court against treasure hunters, but says archaeology is not without its own serious problems. He believes archaeologists need to do a better job themselves in stead of routinely criticizing treasure hunters. “Archaeology has a terrible reputation for not publishing enough on its excavations (发掘) and finds,” he says. Gathering data, unearthing and meticulously preserving and examining finds, verifying identity and origin, piecing together the larger story, and writing and publishing a comprehensive paper or book can take decades. A bit cynically, Bass describes colleagues who never published because they waited so long they became ill or died. Who is more at fault, Bass asks, the professional archaeologist who carefully excavates a site and never publishes on it or the treasure hunter who locates a submerged wreck, salvages part, conserves part, and publishes a book on the operation? M. Pritchett concedes that his find deserves careful excavation and preservation. “I think what I found should go in a museum,” he says. “But I also think I should get paid for what I found.” Indeed, it’sa bit of a mystery why governments, archaeologists, and treasure hunters can’t work together — and why salvors aren’t at least given a substantial finder’s fee before the original owner takes possession of the vessel and its artifacts. 36. Exploration of shipwrecks on the sea floor is crucial in updating our understanding of humanity’s past. 37. Quite a number of majestic ships sailing from Europe to America were wrecked off the Florida coast over the centuries. 38. Pritchett suffered a heavy loss when a US district court ruled against him. 39. Recently, people who found treasures in shipwrecks have been sued over their rights to own them. 40. Pritchett claims he got support of millions of dollars from in vestors for his shipwreck exploration. 41. One pioneer marine scientist thinks archaeologists should make greater efforts to publish their findings. 42. With technological advancement in recent years, salvors now can detect the in valuable man-made objects lying buried under the sea. 43. According to a lawyer, many treasure hunters are susceptible to loss because they are unaware they face a financially stronger opponent in court. 44. Salvors of treasures in sunken ships and marine archaeologists are now hostile to each other. 45. Archaeologists want to see artifacts help humans understand their past in stead of being sold to private collectors at an outrageous price. 7 https://zhenti.burningvocabulary.com Section C Directions: There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A), B), C) and D). You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. Passage One Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage. Could you get by without using the in ternet for four and a half years? That’s exactly what singer and actress Selena Gomez has done in a bid to improve her mental health. She has spoken extensively about the relationship between her social media usage and her mental wellbeing, recalling feeling like “an addict” when she became Instagram’s most followed user in 2016. “Taking a break from social media was the best decision that I’ve ever made for my mental health,” says she. “The unnecessary hate and comparisons went away once I put my phone down.” Ditching the web at large, however, is a far more subtle and complicated prospect. The in creasing digitisation of our society means that everything from paying a gas bill to plotting a route to a friend’s house and even making a phone call is at the mercy of your in ternet connection. Actively opting out of using the in ternet becomes a matter of privilege. Ms Gomez’s multi-millionaire status has allowed her to take the “social” out of social media, so she can continue to leverage her enormous fame while keeping the trolls (恶意挑衅的贴子) at bay . The fact that she’s still the second most-followed woman on Instagram suggests it’s entirely possible to maintain a significant web profile to promote various projects — by way of a dedicated team — without being exposed to the cruel comments, hate mail and rape or death threats. It goes without saying that this is fundamentally different from how the rest of us without beauty deals and films to publicise use the likes of Instagram, TikTok and Twitter, but even the concept of a digital detox (戒瘾) requires having a device and connectivity to choose to disconnect from. The UK’s digital divide has worsened over the past two years, leaving poorer families without broadband connections in their homes. Digital exclusion is a major threat to wider societal equality in the UK, so witnessing companies like Facebook championing the metaverse (元宇宙) as the next great frontier when school children are struggling to complete their homework feels particularly irritating. Consequently, it’s worth bearing in mind that while deleting all social media accounts will undoubtedly make some feel in finitely better, many other people benefit from the strong sense of community that sharing platforms can breed. Internet access will continue to grow in importance as we edge further towards web 3.0, and greater resources and in itiatives are needed to provide the underprivileged with the connectivity they desperately need to learn, work and live. It’s crucial that people who feel that social media is having a detrimental effect on their mental health are allowed to switch off — and for those living in digital exclusion to be able to switch on in the first place. 46. What do we learn about singer and actress Selena Gomez in the past four and a half years? A. She has had worsening mental problems. B. She has won Instagram’s most followers. C. She has refrained from using social media. D. She has succeeded in a bid on the in ternet. 47. Why does actively opting out of using the in ternet become a matter of privilege? A. Most people find it subtle and complicated to give up using the in ternet. B. Most people can hardly ditch the web while avoiding hate and comparisons. 8 https://zhenti.burningvocabulary.com C. Most people can hardly get by without the in ternet due to growing digitisation. D. Most people have been seriously addicted to the web without being aware of it. 48. Why does the author say “witnessing companies ... feels particularly irritating” (Para. 6)? A. The UK digital divide would further worsen due to the metaverse. B. The concept of the metaverse is believed to be still quite illusory. C. School children would be drawn farther away from the real world. D. Most families in the UK do not have stable broadband connections. 49. What is worth bearing in mind concerning social media platforms? A. They are conducive to promoting societal equality. B. They help many people feel connected with others. C. They provide a necessary device for a digital detox. D. They create a virtual community on the in ternet. 50. What does the author think is really important for those living in digital exclusion? A. Having access to the in ternet. B. Edging further towards web 3.0. C. Getting more educational resources. D. Opening more social media accounts. Passage Two Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage. Psychologists have long been in disagreement as to whether competition is a learned or a genetic component of human behavior. Whatever it is, you cannot but recognize the effect competition is exerting in academics and many other areas of contemporary life. Psychologically speaking, competition has been seen as an in evitable consequence of human drives. According to Sigmund Freud, humans are born screaming for attention and full of organic drives for fulfillment in various areas. Initially, we compete for the attention of our parents. Thereafter, we are at the mercy of a battle between our base impulses for self-fulfillment and social and cultural no rms which prohibit pure in dulgence. Current work in anthropology (人类学) has suggested, however, that this view of the role of competition in human behavior may be in correct. Thomas Hobbes, one of the great philosophers of the seventeenth century, is perhaps best remembered for his characterization of the “natural world”, that is, the world before the imposition of the will of humanity, as being “nasty, brutish, and short.” This image of the pre-rational world is still widely held, reinforced by Charles Darwin’s highly in fluential work. The Origin of Species. which established the doctrine of natural selection. This doctrine, which takes for granted that those species best able to adapt to and master the natural environment in which they live will survive, has suggested that the struggle for survival is an in herent human trait which determines a person’s success. Darwin’s theory has even been summarized as “survival of the fittest” — a phrase Darwin himself never used — further highlighting competition’s role in success. As it has of ten been pointed out, however, there is no thing in the concept of natural selection that suggests that competition is the most successful strategy for “survival of the fittest.” Darwin asserted in The Origin of Species that the struggles he was describing should be viewed as metaphors and could easily in clude dependence and cooperation. Many studies have been conducted to test the importance placed on competition as opposed to other values, such as cooperation — by various cultures, and generally conclude that Americans uniquely praise competition as natural, in evitable, and desirable. In 1937, the world-renowned anthropologist Margaret Mead 9 https://zhenti.burningvocabulary.com published Cooperation and Competition among Primitive Peoples, based on her studies of several societies that did not prize competition, and, in fact, seemed at times to place a negative value on it. One such society was the Zuni Indians of Arizona, and they, Mead found, valued cooperation far more than competition. After studying dozens of such cultures, Mead’s final conclusion was that competitiveness is a culturally created aspect of human behavior, and that its prevalence in a particular society is relative to how that society values it. 51. What does the author think is easy to see in many areas of contemporary life? A. The disagreement on the in evitability of competition. B. The consequence of psychological in vestigation. C. The effect of human drives. D. The impact of competition. 52. According to psychology, what do people strive to do following the in itial stage of their life? A. Fulfill in dividual needs without in curring adverse effects of human drives. B. Indulge in cultural pursuits while keeping their base impulses at bay. C. Gain extensive recognition without exposing pure in dulgence. D. Satisfy their own desires while observing social conventions. 53. What do we learn about the “natural world” characterized by Thomas Hobbes? A. It gets misrepresented by philosophers and anthropologists. B. It gets distorted in Darwin’s The Origin of Species. C. It is free from the rational in tervention of humans. D. It is the pre-rational world rarely appreciated no wadays. 54. What can we conclude from Darwin’s assertion in The Origin of Species? A. All species in herently depend on others for survival. B. Struggles for survival do not exclude mutual support. C. Competition weighs as much as cooperation as a survival strategy. D. The strongest species proves to be the fittest in natural selection. 55. What conclusion did Margaret Mead reach after studying dozens of different cultures? A. It is characteristic of humans to be competitive. B. Americans are uniquely opposed to cooperation. C. Competition is relatively more prevalent in Western societies. D. People’s attitude towards competition is actually culture-bound.