Part III Reading Comprehension (40 minutes) Section A Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once. Ever been talking about something important with someone you care about and found the discussion frustrating in stead of fruitful? Negative energy can then cast a 26 over your efforts to build a shared understanding. In fact collaborative problem-solving conversations require skills. Strong listening skills are essential. Sprinkling in positivity via appreciation, 27 smiles, and warm comments helps. So does the essential ability to keep your emotional to ne in the calm zone. If the to ne of a dialogue heats up and anger erupts, the dialogue 28 from collaborative to adversarial, and progress is likely to come to an immediate 29 . In addition, effective dialogue generally has another important characteristic: symmetry. Symmetry in dialogue refers to the balance of how much each partner talks. Are you each getting equal airtime? When one participant does most of the talking, this asymmetry or lack of balance tends to become annoying to one or both of you. The silent partner 30 tires of only listening, while the talker can feel 31 . Usually, both would prefer more equal give and take. Different rates of speech and levels of voice volume can 32 symmetry as well. The faster or louder partner can easily begin taking up more airtime. The slower-talking or softer-voiced one can have trouble getting the floor. Conversations also lose balance when one partner’s opinions count more than the other’s. One person’s input may carry more sway because their style of expression is more 33 . One viewpoint may tend to get lost 4 https://zhenti.burningvocabulary.cn because it is expressed more 34 . If either partner fairly consistently 35 or evaporates, modifying the pattern will be helpful. The dialogue will feel more productive, and at the same time, the relationship overall is likely to feel more positive. A. affectionate B. approximately C. elapses D. erode E. flattered F. flips G. halt H. overburdened I. predominates J. propagate K. scenario L. shadow M. tentatively N. typically O. vigorous Section B Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each statement contains in formation given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from which the in formation is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2. What Is a Super Blood Wolf Moon? A. Blue moons, rose moons, supermoons. For some reason all the websites seem to think you really want to know all about these moons. “Catch This Weekend’s AMAZING SUPERMOON,” one headline will announce. “The Supermoon Isn’t Actually A Big Deal And You’re All Ruining Astronomy,” another will complain. B. The latest example is the super blood wolf moon eclipse which sounds like the name of an emotional song I would have performed a modern dance routine to in 9th grade, but is, in fact, an astronomical event set to occur on January 20. As we’ll explain below, there is no thing truly mysterious or otherwise special about this moon, and it will not look like a bloody wolf head in the sky or anything wild like that. We get these super lunar events by smashing together all the qualifiers we’ve historically used to keep track of full moons throughout the year, and in the age of the in ternet we can get a little too enthusiastic. C. Consider this your go-to resource for all moon-gazing news. Here’s what you need to know about the latest lunar event. D. Look, it’s okay if you don’t know. There are probably loads of folks who walk around pretending they to tally know why that thing in the sky seems to get bigger and smaller at regular in tervals but who to tally do not. E. The moon orbits Earth, and it’s tidally locked — that means it always shows us the same face, in stead of spinning around like our planet does. That’s why you can always see the man on the moon (or the moon rabbit, depending on your cultural preferences) even as it spins around us. But while the moon is big and bright in the sky when it’s full, that’s only because it’s reflecting light from the sun. But the moon is always moving, so it’s getting hit with sunlight at different angles. It’s in visible to us during the new moon, because our satellite is parked right between us and the sun; the so-called dark side of the moon is lit up like Las Vegas, but the side we can see is in shadow. A full moon happens when the earth is right between the sun and the moon, so sunlight hits the part we can see. And all the other phases are just the transition from one of those extremes to the other. F. The moon isn’t always exactly the same distance from Earth, because its orbit isn’t perfectly circular. We call the closest point perigee (近地点), and the most distant point is apogee (远地点). 2018’s closest perigee and most distant apogee both happened in January, and the difference was about 30,000 miles. G. The reason you care about this ordinary change in distance is that it turns a moon super. When a full moon happens close to perigee, it’s going to look a bit bigger. Honestly, the difference is not that profound, but if you’re in a position to photograph the supermoon next to something that shows the slight in crease in scale, it can look pretty cool. January’s super blood wolf moon eclipse is super because the date lines up with the 5 https://zhenti.burningvocabulary.cn closest the moon will get to us during January, but the moon won’t actually be at its closest for the year until February’s supermoon, which you can expect plenty of undue excitement over. H. Blood moons only occur during to tal lunar eclipses (which can happen a few times a year in any given location). When the moon slips through our shadow, we give it a reddish coloring. The moon can also look orange whenever it’s rising or setting, or if it hangs low in the horizon all night — the light bouncing off of it has to travel through a thicker atmosphere there, which scatters more blue light away. But you’ll probably only see that deep, sinister red during an eclipse. I. A lot of headlines about moons are just ridiculous (you do not need to be particularly excited about a blue moon, it just looks like a regular full moon), but you should definitely roll out of bed to look at a blood moon if one is going to be visible in your region, even though they’re just lunar eclipses and not evidence of bloody battles between the sky gods. J. In March of 2018, we had our second “blue moon” of the year, to much acclaim. And while that’s not necessarily special in an oh-gosh-get-out-and-look-at-it way, it’s certainly special: a blue moon is a nickname for when two full moons fall in the same calendar month, and we hadn’t previously had two in one year since 1999. We won’t have it happen again until 2037. Astronomer David Chapman explained that this is merely a peculiarity of our calendar; once we stopped doing things based on the moon and started trying to follow the sun and the seasons, we stopped having one reliable full moon per month. The moon cycle is 29.53 days long on average, so in most months we still end up with a single new moon and a single full one. But every once in a while, one month steals a full moon from another. In 2018 (and in 1999, and again in 2037) both January and March stacked full moons on the first and last nights of the month, leaving February in the dark. K. Getting two blue moons a year is rare, but we have in dividual blue moons every few years. Also, fun fact: not actually blue. A moon can in deed take on a moody blue color, but this only happens when particles of just the right size disperse through the sky — and it has no thing to do with the moon’s status as “blue”. Big clouds of ash from volcanic eruptions or fires can do the trick, but it doesn’t happen of ten, and the stars would certainly have to align for two such rare in stances to occur at once. L. You may have heard that the super special second blue moon of 2018 was also a Paschal moon. This is true! That just means it was the first full moon of spring, which is of ten used to determine the date of Easter Sunday. All of this is just calendar no nsense and we refuse to go into it further. M. Sometimes you’ll see a headline that promises a moon with so many qualifiers it makes your head spin. A super blue blood worm moon, perhaps? Or a super blood wolf moon? Lots of websites will tell you that “wolf moon” is the traditional name of the first full moon of the year in “Native American” cultures, which is kind of a weird thing to claim given that there are 573 registered Tribal Nations in the US alone today, not to mention historically. The idea that hungry, howling wolves were such a universal constant in January that all of North America with its different cultures, geographies, and languages spontaneously came up with the same nickname is illogical. N. Many cultures have traditional names for the full moon in a given month or season, so there’s quite a list to draw from if you’re trying to really juice up a story on a slightly-bigger-than-average view of the moon. But these are all based on human calendars and activities and folklore; you will not go outside and see a pink moon in April, though I wish it were so. 36. We cannot see the moon at times when it is positioned right between the earth and the sun. 37. V olcanic eruptions may cause the moon to assume a moody blue color. 38. The moon will be closest to the earth when the supermoon occurs in February. 39. There is no thing unusual about the super blood wolf moon, which will bear no resemblance to a bloody wolf 6 https://zhenti.burningvocabulary.cn head. 40. The moon will appear orange when the light reflecting from it travels through an atmosphere thicker than usual. 41. It is contrary to logic to claim the name of wolf moon originates from the cultures of American Indians. 42. As the moon’s orbit is not a hundred-percent circle, its distance from the earth changes. 43. A full moon in a given month or season gets a specific name in different cultures. 44. There are likely lots of people who know absolutely no thing about why the moon appears to change its size regularly but act like they know. 45. When a full moon appears twice in the same month, it is nicknamed a blue moon. Section C Directions: There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A), B), C) and D). You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. Passage One Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage. With population in creases and global urbanisation ever accelerating, much attention is focused on the sustainability of our cities and scarce attention is paid to the countryside. Rural life is associated with closely-knit communities, sense of belonging, and a simple, tranquil life. Yet whilst some or all of these elements exist in the countryside, so do conservatism and a lack of employment opportunities. And it is mostly due to the latter that rural communities are suffering. Attracted by the improved economics of urban areas, country-dwellers across the world are moving out, contributing to the excessive crowdedness of densely populated cities, and leaving the countryside in desolation. So how can the countryside ensure its survival among these changes; or should it at all? Due to both the distance between residences and facilities and of ten in termittent public transport, those living in the countryside are heavier automobile users. Rural dwellers also use more energy maintaining their mostly detached buildings. We may be piled up like boxes in the city, but this brings energy efficiency that the countryside cannot match. Rural energy requirements result in higher carbon emissions per person than in the city, so it is actually irresponsible to endorse such a lifestyle choice. Protecting the countryside is a hot to pic. Those who have made their fortunes in the city of ten buy second homes in the countryside, visiting in termittently for a sample of a supposedly simple life. The side-effect of this is that house prices are pushed up due to in creased demand, leaving them unaffordable for local people. A solution has yet to be found for this challenge, for market forces are further forcing residents out of the countryside. For those who believe in rural preservation, this is deplorable. Whilst an idealised view of the countryside is common, the reality is that rural life has continuously evolved. Industrialisation brought an in crease in divisions of labour, changing social links between rural people. The in ternet has in troduced once foreign cultures into the countryside. Improved travel connections and affordability have made the world more accessible, creating a “global village”. Considering these changes, surely an evolving countryside is in evitable. Perhaps the countryside should also prepare itself for massive population in creases in the future. With cities across the world growing rapidly, how will the current urban generation respond to the in evitable social changes of mass urbanisation? Will the longing for a simpler life become stronger, fueling a rural renaissance? As the world continues to urbanise, the voices calling for rural preservation may well grow louder. But change is in evitable. We know that the world is going to see new cities emerging from the dust and current cities 7 https://zhenti.burningvocabulary.cn growing into megacities, but the future of the countryside is less clear. 46. What has become of the rural areas no wadays? A. They are becoming somewhat deserted. B. They are being in creasingly urbanised. C. They are closely-knit communities. D. They are haunted by conservatism. 47. What does the author think of the rural lifestyle? A. It is unlikely to survive given the on-going changes. B. It is less energy-efficient compared to that in cities. C. It is highly dependent upon heavy automobiles. D. It is a choice more affluent people will endorse. 48. What does the author think of rich urban residents buying a second home in the countryside? A. It is bound to mar the traditional rural life. B. It adversely impacts rural social stability. C. It hinders rural economies’ revitalisation. D. It is detrimental to rural preservation. 49. What do we learn about the countryside with in dustrialisation and technological advances? A. It is destined to change gradually. B. It will present an idealised way of life. C. It is likely to embrace foreign cultures. D. It will become in creasingly diversified. 50. What does the author think of the future of the countryside compared with cities? A. It is going to be harder for the locals. B. It is going to resemble that of cities. C. It is less likely to stay static. D. It is less easy to envisage. Passage Two Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage. Statements, like “beauty is in the eye of the beholder (观看者)”, are rarely questioned. They’ve become so embedded in our consciousness that people think it’s absurd to think otherwise. It might be useful, however, to at least push back on this assumption because people evaluate environment, situations, and people aesthetically. We may find that we still believe it is correct, but we may also find that there is a lot more to the situation than you suppose. A recent study exploring aesthetic taste was published in Cognition. The results from this study show that people agree very much in their aesthetic evaluation of natural objects, but they disagree more about artifacts, or human-made objects. The study found that shared taste was most common for faces and natural landscapes, but least common among works of architecture and art. The hypothesis is the commonly pleasing features, like proportion or symmetry, are at work. Preferences for natural scenes might be learned through life experiences. Factors like habitability, safety, and openness might be preferred as people develop. Some of the details of landscapes change, but the basics are more common, e.g., water, open spaces, and signs of care. Art and architecture, unlike natural spaces, do not have the same level of exposure. So, people do not have the same level of shared taste. It’s possible that the lower amount of agreement in the shared taste of artifacts has to do more with elements of style, rather than “behavioral consequences”. All of the consequences seem reasonable (or at least possible), but I think there might be an in teresting philosophical conclusion that they did not draw. It seems that there is an objective ground to our aesthetic preferences or evaluations. I am not saying this would mean beauty is completely objective, just that there could possibly be general objective principles at work, i.e., beauty is not simply in the eye of the beholder. 8 https://zhenti.burningvocabulary.cn Nature exhibits some of the universal aesthetic features, such as radiance, in a common way throughout the world. It’s not exactly the same everywhere, but it is common. For example, a sunset is similar enough in different places to warrant almost universal appeal. Possible universal principles of beauty — such as proportion, fittingness, radiance, and others — are general categories, which allow for a wide array of embodiments. When people get in volved in making artifacts in architecture or art, they apply these very general concepts in unique ways. But the way they applied the principle may not have universal appeal. This is why it’s important to experience diverse cultures and their artifacts because it opens us up to different ways of approaching or constructing beauty. And it is always good to question our assumptions. 51. What does the passage say about the statement “beauty is in the eye of the beholder”? A. It has hardly ever been disputed. B. It can be in terpreted aesthetically. C. Many people have found it absurd. D. People have long been misled by it. 52. What does a recent study exploring aesthetic taste show? A. Aesthetic tastes tend to differ from person to person. B. Natural beauty is rarely surpassed by artificial beauty. C. There is less consensus on objects shaped by human craft. D. There is general agreement on what is pleasing to the eye. 53. Why do people differ in their aesthetic appraisal of artifacts? A. They come out in a great variety of designs. B. They lead to varying behavioral consequences. C. They take up much less natural space than landscapes. D. They come into people’s view less of ten than natural spaces. 54. What does the example of sunset tell about nature? A. It creates a powerful appeal through its brilliant radiance. B. It displays aesthetic traits in a similar way the world over. C. It embodies beauty with a wide array of aesthetic features. D. It establishes the principles of beauty in a number of ways. 55. Why do artifacts not always hold universal appeal? A. The appreciation of their beauty is not subject to objective standards. B. The universal principle of beauty prevents a wide array of embodiments. C. The way their creators apply the principle of beauty may not be pleasing to everybody. D. Their creators in terpret the universal principle of beauty each in their preferred way.