Part III Reading Comprehension (40 minutes) Section A Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once. By now, it is generally accepted that regular exercise comes with an assortment of health benefits for people who maintain the habit over time. But is it 26 too late to start? New research looked at people who in creased their exercise levels after their 40s beyond levels they had when they were younger and those in dividuals showed declines in their risk of early 27 which were similar to those of people who exercised consistently throughout their lives. This was a 28 of 32% to 35% compared to people who did not exercise. Those who began exercising in middle age also saw reductions in their in cidence of 29 diseases, such as heart disease and cancer, which were similar to the steady exercisers. So why bother exercising consistently throughout your life? The authors of the study 30 that some might in terpret the study’s findings to mean that they can delay starting an exercise program but this would be a mistake. There are other benefits, both mental and physical, to staying consistently active that we should not 31 . These real health benefits in clude better 32 functioning and lowered risk of gaining weight. The latter is 33 important given the global obesity epidemic. In addition, experts assert that starting younger is better because, if you make a habit of exercising when you are young, you are more likely to keep up those 34 later in life. It is ideal, then, for people to start exercising when they are children or 35 , and it is good to maintain an active lifestyle at all times regardless of your age. However, this study does in dicate that, if you have not been active, you can still benefit if you start becoming active in your 40s and 50s. A. adolescents B. arbitrarily C. chronic D. cognitive E. concede F. disregard G. drop H. ever I. maneuver J. mortality K. particularly L. patterns M. refute N. stereotype O. vocal Section B Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each statement contains in formation given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from which the in formation is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2. 4 https://zhenti.burningvocabulary.cn Restaurants Are Now Employing Robots — Should Chefs Be Worried? A. Like most chefs, Flippy is not afraid of hard work. Since last summer, that has meant 11 am until 7 pm shifts at Caliburger in Pasadena, California, as well as short assignments at Chick-N-Tots at Dodger Stadium in Los Angeles. These are long hours of repetitive work, where the boss demands absolute consistency. But you won’t hear Flippy complain or say anything, in fact. For Flippy is a robot — a cloud-connected mechanical arm with 3D thermal scanners for eyes — that can flip burgers or fry 80 baskets of food an hour, monitor that food and even clean up afterwards. B. Flippy was created by Miso Robotics, part of the Cali Group, which is described by its CEO, John Miller, as: “A technology company that happens to sell cheeseburgers.” Cali creates new machines that it road-tests in its Caliburger restaurants across the world, into which Flippy will be deployed this year. And Flippy is not alone. Also in California, Bear Robotics has developed a self-guiding robot, Penny, which has so far served 40,000 diners. C. Ten years ago, robot-chefs and waiters were pure science fiction. Today, they are a reality, and at prices that make them a plausible in vestment. From May, Penny will be shipped on a subscription basis that of fers “an immediate return”, says Bear Robotics’ chief operating of ficer, Juan Higueros. Flippy will cost a reported $60,000 to $100,000. Fully automated burger restaurants managed with minimal human oversight — where customers order at screens, pay electronically, and eat food cooked and delivered by robots — are now a possibility. D. The technology exists; it just needs knitting together cost-effectively and in a way diners buy into. In an in dustry keen to slash labor costs and in crease profits, further automation seems in evitable. After an eight-month test at Kang Nam Tofu House in California, Bear Robotics credited Penny with driving a 28% in crease in sales. Meanwhile, in US trials, the self-ordering screens that McDonald’s is currently in stalling at its 1,300 UK restaurants yielded a reported 30% rise in order values. E. Personalisation is seen as key to the appeal of this technology, alongside its ability to reliably push so-called “upsells” (meal deals, extras, larger drinks) to customers. Soon when you log into a restaurant app, it will be able to use your data and purchasing history to recommend dishes to you — factoring in everything from the weather to, if you are ordering at a screen that can read your face, your mood. F. “Right now people compromise on choice. We’re presented with a one-size-fits-all menu. Ultimately, technology can allow us to make personal choices. You love spicy food and chicken? Here’s the dish people like you mostly order,” says Tom Weaver, CEO at the hospitality tech company Flyt. He talks enthusiastically about the Helsinki pop-up Take-In, a full-service restaurant where diners ordered dishes in from various delivery services. “For the first time in a few hundred years, digital is allowing us to create new versions of restaurants.” G. If high-street fast food is automation-ready, its impact on high-end restaurants is likely to be subtler and slower. “It’ll probably be a very long time before we see a five-star robot-chef,” says Noel Sharkey, professor of AI and robotics at the University of Sheffield. “Apart from the AI creativity gap, great cooking in volves a subtle understanding of in gredients and delicate cooking that would be enormously challenging for robots. Placing fragile foods on plates would be in credibly slow.” H. Currently, robots have limited functionality. A human needs to load Penny with plates that diners lift off themselves. At the robot-powered US pizza-delivery company Zume, the more difficult jobs, such as to pping pizzas, are still done by humans. But Moley, which will launch soon, of fers an idea of the sophistication to come. Modelled on the movements of a MasterChef contest winner, Tim Anderson, its robotic arms are fixed over a stove and programmed to prepare dishes from raw in gredients. It is designed for domestic use, but a commercial version is planned that opens up the possibility of restaurant kitchens automating even highly technically 5 https://zhenti.burningvocabulary.cn challenging tasks. I. For now, the kitchen technology that QSR Automations supplies to Mitchells & Butlers’ pubs or KFC is less glamorous. Rather than having a chef shouting out diners’ orders, the QSR system automatically distributes those orders across screens. The kitchen screens then tell chefs when to start cooking each dish, so that your plate of fish, chips and peas comes together at the right time. J. The restaurant in dustry is currently suffering a severe shortage of skilled chefs — a deficit of 11,000, according to the skills agency People 1st. “Automation systems designed to make the process more idiot-proof are trying to bridge that gap,” says Stefan Chomka, the editor of Restaurant magazine. K. In terms of simplifying or enhancing the customer experience, online restaurant booking has been the easily- won success of the in ternet age. Automated at-table ordering and payment is seen as the next landmark. Until then, early adopters, such as the Manchester bar owner Andy Smith, who uses the Ordoo app at his venue 33 Oldham Street, may well experience growing but “lower than expected” acceptance. L. Embarrassing failures in restaurant tech frequently hit the headlines. The TGI Fridays drone (无人机) that in jured a Brooklyn Daily photographer; US burger chain Shake Shack having to retreat from plans for entirely cashless ordering sites. But, says Chomka, such technology could miss the mark if it only of fers “solutions to problems that don’t really exist”. “Payments being automatic” could be useful, he adds. But, in an expensive restaurant, “how quick do you need dinner to be?” M. That attachment to the human art of hospitality will be heartening for staff who see automation as a threat to jobs. “Unite is concerned that without safeguards, any benefits will bypass workers in low-paying jobs, such as waiters,” says the union’s London regional of ficer, Dave Turnbull. “We’re urging Members of Parliament to ensure automation does not just benefit a wealthy few like previous in dustrial revolutions.” N. The in dustry principle is that automation will allow it to redeploy staff more effectively. Jobs will change, if not immediately decrease in number. “Self-order screens mean more demand for people front-of-house. Last year, we recruited 1,000 new managers,” says McDonald’s COO, Jason Clark. Caliburger has a programme to retrain staff as robot engineers or “chef techs”. O. But ultimately the chance to reduce overheads (管理费用) by employing fewer people or at lower rates will be what attracts big brands to technology. Invariably, over the next 10 years, jobs will go in conventional bricks- built restaurants, not least because automation will boost their rapidly growing rival: delivery. Companies such as Domino and Just Eat have both experimented with robot and drone delivery, which is already legal in Reykjavik, Iceland. “Robot food deliveries are the future,” says Noel Sharkey. “Small, 4 mph ground robots are safe and will work 24 hours a day.” P. Combined with machine learning of anticipated order volumes and the minute-by-minute cooking data generated by systems such as QSR, that robot fleet could deliver almost in stantly. “Restaurants will prepare food ahead of orders coming in,” predicts Just Eat’s director of engineering, Daniel Richardson. “I’ll be able to say ‘Let’s have pizza’ to my family, my in telligent assistant will hear and 10 minutes later the food will be at my door.” No one is putting an exact date on it yet. But in the dining room and on your doorstep, the robots are coming. 36. It is now possible to fully automate a burger restaurant with little human supervision. 37. At a robot-powered US company, complicated tasks still have to be performed by humans. 38. More automation appears to be a certainty in in dustries eager to cut labor costs and raise profits. 39. There are of ten front-page reports of failures in technological in no vation of the restaurant in dustry. 40. Robot-chef Flippy does not fear laborious work, nor does it make any complaints. 41. Digital technology makes it possible for businesses to in no vate restaurant models. 6 https://zhenti.burningvocabulary.cn 42. Fondness for human warmth in catering to customers will give hope to employees who are afraid of losing jobs to robots. 43. There is an acute shortage of experienced chefs in the catering in dustry and automated cooking is expected to fill the gap. 44. Over the coming decade, many jobs in traditional restaurants will disappear due to robot delivery. 45. According to an expert in AI and robotics, it may be quite some time before a master robot-chef appears. Section C Directions: There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A, B, C and D. You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. Passage One Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage. Many see friendships as a comfort blanket: a shoulder to cry on, a reliable soul to confide in. However, more of ten than not, in our eagerness to seek in dividual success, we lose friends along the way and that has become part of the process. The chaos and never-ending turmoil that accompanies everyday life is an aggressive obstacle in the pursuit of stable friendships. As students, we use this excuse to shrug off losing people who we once thought to be loved ones. Instead of viewing our lives as a race, where everyone is on their own path to some form of success, we must relearn to value the connections we make along the track. We must reevaluate the harm of radical, in dividual freedom. Radical in dividualism elevates the freedom of the in dividual over the collective. It argues, for in stance, that universal healthcare, an example of collectivism, threatened the dream of many Americans. Many of us have fallen victim to an in dividualistic culture. Society tends to celebrate personal achievement and commend it based on the assumption that winning or succeeding is a consequence of working harder than the next person. As a society, we idolize the concept of “losing friends on the road to success”. I remember hearing in high school, “Don’t worry about losing friendships, just focus on study and getting into college. That’s all that will matter in the long run,” a sentiment that is not unique to my experience. It’s preached in many success stories, and it’s embedded in the way we see growth. Motivational speakers will push their audience to be complacent to the in evitable end of losing friends. Spend too much time with friends? You’re losing time better utilized on your achievements. Invest time in your relationships? Invest time in your work in stead. This constant need to succeed has blinded us from seeing through the whirlwind of change that accompanies our everyday lives. We are expected to tangibly succeed, earn awards, get higher positions, earn better grades. In order to succeed, we lose friends, and that has sadly become no rmalized. We cannot be complacent with losing friendships because they are our anchors. Yes, pursue success. Challenge yourself. Push limits. But contrary to all the self-proclaimed success experts, doing it alone does not make you more successful or any better than someone who achieved it with the help of others. Put effort into fostering healthy relationships, and maintaining them through your busy schedule that seems like it leaves no time for anyone else. Although we may be living in a society that treasures the in dependent pursuit of achievement, having people to support and love you on the way is far more important than any end result. 7 https://zhenti.burningvocabulary.cn 46. What of ten happens when people are eager to pursue in dividual success? A. They lack a shoulder to cry on. B. They have no soul to confide in. C. They cannot find reliable friends. D. They ignore their ties with friends. 47. What does the author advise people to do in their pursuit of radical in dividualism? A. Reexamine its detrimental effects. B. Shrug off the loss of their loved ones. C. Avoid the chaos and turmoil in volved. D. Remove aggressive obstacles in the way. 48. What is American society’s assumption of personal achievement? A. It is to be duly celebrated and highly commended. B. It is a sure way to fulfill a person’s dream. C. It revolves around an in dividualistic culture. D. It reflects a person’s exceptional endeavor. 49. What is preached in many success stories? A. Attaching importance to academic gains on the road to success. B. Investing one’s time in work in stead of connecting with friends. C. Trying to strengthen friendships in one’s pursuit of personal success. D. Excelling in academic performance to get into a prestigious college. 50. What can we in fer from the passage regarding the pursuit of success? A. No one can succeed without pushing limits. B. No one can afford to neglect close friends. C. Collectivism is superior to in dividualism. D. Success experts of ten lead people to ruin. Passage Two Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage. During his acceptance speech for the Nobel Peace Prize, Martin Luther King Jr. said, “I believe that unarmed truth and unconditional love will have the final word in reality.” More than five decades later, our society is still struggling to separate truth from fantasy, fact from fiction. From disputes over the climate change to debates about how slavery is taught, America is at a crossroads. And the battle for equity is at the heart of these vital conversations. Study after study shows that in equity has had appalling consequences. A 2020 report by Citi in dicated that “Black students could have in creased their lifetime in comes $90 – $113 billion” if equity issues related to higher education had been adequately addressed over the past two decades. This statistic represents a flood of issues we’ve failed to confront as a nation. It also highlights one truth: We’re missing out on valuable opportunities to bridge the differences that divide us. However, by honoring King’s legacy, we can get our country back on the path to ward true equity. Students — and adults for that matter — simply cannot understand the conflicts we have today without understanding what caused them in the first place. That means we have a responsibility to help them make connections between US history and current events. It also means giving them the to ols they need to address in equity and bias in their own lives. Adherence to these principles, along with a commitment to truthful dialogue, can help every student better appreciate how far we’ve come and more clearly see the roads we have yet to travel. With more truthful analysis of the need for more qualified, diverse educators, we can improve our recruiting, training, and retention strategies for schools across the country. Unfortunately, our deeply rooted divisions are delaying these advancements. A recent survey found that 77 percent of Americans believe the nation is “more divided than ever before”. But reports of in creased polarization shouldn’t persuade us to look away from one another. Instead, they should compel us to address our shared issues 8 https://zhenti.burningvocabulary.cn head-on. We are not, as some would suggest, living in a “post-racial society”. We simply cannot afford to keep our heads buried in the sand when it comes to racial in equity. Unless we get honest about in tolerance, bias, and how these social diseases impact the ways we treat one another, in justice will continue to haunt us. But our children and our grandchildren deserve better. On this Martin Luther King Day and beyond, let’s commit to working together to disrupt the status quo. Let’s continue to build a better, more in clusive nation; and in the words of Martin Luther King Jr., “A society at peace with itself, a society that can live with its conscience.” 51. What does the author think about today’s America? A. It is struggling to transform fiction into reality. B. It has been the focus of many vital conversations. C. It still has a long way to go before equity can be truly realized. D. It has got to a point where people disagree on nearly every issue. 52. What do we learn from the passage about black students in the past 20 years? A. They have been unfairly treated regarding higher education. B. They have been battling hard to address equity issues. C. They have boosted their lifetime in comes by billions of dollars. D. They have come to see the consequences of racial discrimination. 53. How can Americans bridge the differences that divide them? A. By dealing with the thorny issues confronting them. B. By seizing every chance to enhance racial harmony. C. By continuing to pursue Martin Luther King Jr.’s cause. D. By striving to identify exceedingly valuable opportunities. 54. How do most Americans view America as a nation according to a recent survey? A. It is compelled to address its historical social issues. B. It is delaying advancements to ward racial equality. C. It has kept itself from polarization. D. It has become in creasingly split. 55. What does the author suggest Americans do? A. Ensure the well-being of their children and grandchildren. B. Make joint efforts to tackle the nation’s equity issues. C. Restrain their in tolerance and discrimination. D. Restore social order for a harmonious nation.