Part III Reading Comprehension (40 minutes) Section A Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for each blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the passage through carefully before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. You may not use any of the words in the bank more than once. We humans love to believe we are special, but science and technology have repeatedly proved this conviction wrong. People 26 thought that humans were the only animals to use to ols, to form teams or to propagate culture, but science has shown that other animals do each of these things. Meanwhile, technology has quashed (使无效)，one by one, claims that 27 tasks require a human brain. The first adding machine was in vented in 1623. This past year, a computer-generated work won an art contest. I believe the moment when computers meet and 28 human in telligence is on the horizon. How will human in telligence and creativity be valued when machines become smarter and more creative than the brightest people? There will likely be a spectrum. In some 29 , people still value humans doing things, even if a computer can do it better. It’s been a quarter of a century since a computer beat world champion Garry Kasparov, but human chess hasn’t gone away. In other fields, human skill will seem costly and 30 . Take illustration for example: most readers don’t care whether the graphic 31 a magazine article was drawn by a person or a computer — they just want it to be relevant, new and perhaps 32 . And, of course, this question isn’t black or white. Many fields will be a 33 , where some humans find a lucky place, but most of the work is done by computers, like in manufacturing today, where much of the work is 4 https://zhenti.burningvocabulary.cn accomplished by robots, but some humans must be there to 34 the machines. If history is any guide, it’s almost certain that advances in AI will cause more jobs to 35 , that creative workers with human-only skills will become richer but fewer in number, and that those who own creative technology will become the new ultra-rich. A. accompanying B. cognitive C. domains D. entertaining E. evoking F. hybrid G. impetus H. in tuitive I. once J. oversee K. redundant L. stances M. surpass N. tentatively O. vanish Section B Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each statement contains in formation given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from which the in formation is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2. Do You Know When to Quit Wisely? A. Projects, relationships, and jobs don’t always work out as planned — and it’s not always clear when to give up. We’ve all repeatedly heard the saying that “quitters never win”, but sometimes the best decision is to cut our losses. B. Think about that relationship you held on to even after it had run its course or the job you stayed in despite your boss making you miserable. Many of us try to hold onto the last ray of hope, thinking we can make it work, whatever “it” is. And while perseverance is generally an excellent quality, it may also in cline you to over-in vest in something that is no longer a good idea. C. As an executive coach, I work with numerous passionate and hard-working leaders who don’t want to “quit”. But the smartest leaders learn to discern the difference between quitting too soon and holding onto something that they shouldn’t. D. We are all susceptible to the sunk-cost delusion, an unconscious bias that leads us to persist in an endeavor we have already in vested time, effort, or money into — even when abandoning it would be more beneficial. We realize that we can’t get back the resources we’ve given, so we persevere — in vesting in a project that should be halted, staying in a relationship that should be over, or finishing a book we no longer enjoy and should put down, because we’re already halfway through it. If quitting is “not your thing”, you may be especially susceptible to this bias. E. The sunk-cost delusion causes us to overly worry about what we’ll lose if we move on and not think enough about the costs of not moving on. To of fset this bias, deliberately refocus your thinking on the gains so you can more objectively weigh the alternatives. Ask yourself: What might I gain by cutting my losses now? Will you be happier or have time for another (better) opportunity? Then ask yourself: What will it cost me to soldier on? For example, is it possible that you’ll be throwing more good money after what you’ve already lost? Or that you won’t have the energy to capitalize on other promising possibilities? F. The illusion of control can also in terfere with our best judgment, leading us to overestimate our ability to control events and attain a positive outcome. This bias gives us a sense of agency and can promote mental health. However, the bias can also result in escalating commitment to a losing course of action. Especially when combined with an “I’m not a quitter” mentality, feeling like we have more control over an event or person than we do puts us at risk of doubling down when we should pull out. G. To counteract this bias, consider your situation and make a simple two-column list of what’s in your control and 5 https://zhenti.burningvocabulary.cn what’s not. Think rigorously. While you may be able to in fluence other people and various circumstances, you can’t force them to change or go your way. H. Getting clear on what you can control and what you can’t is essential to making a quality decision about whether to call it quits or persevere. With a written list in hand, you can ensure you focus on what you can control and better assess whether your continued efforts are worth the expense. Expending effort and emotion on things you can’t control can be both draining and disempowering. I. Research in dicates that people link their self-identity and social status to their commitments. And because we identify with our commitments, withdrawing from one can feel like a threat to our identity or status. J. Take my client Ryan, a leader at a technology company. Ryan had in vested two years and a lot of effort in a design project that wasn’t delivering the needed outcomes, but the thought of abandoning it after all she had put in was hard to bear. As Ryan and I explored whether she should cancel the in itiative she’d been leading or continue to persevere, she stated, “The thing is, I’m not a quitter.” This singular, fixed sense of self was clouding her judgment and limiting her choices for action. K. Our self-concept and identity are mental concepts that in fluence our behavior. If you strongly identify as not being a quitter, you can end up staying stuck in a course of action due to your narrow and rigid self-concept. To overcome this kind of in ternal obstacle, recall your other positive traits and personality characteristics. Ask yourself: What additional strengths do I have (or aspire to have) that would be helpful to employ here? For example, when I asked Ryan what other positive qualities from her personality she needed to leverage for decision making, she replied, “Discernment and bravery.” L. Now, examine your situation through the lens of each of these facets of yourself. What does the discerning part of you say? The brave part? Considering your decision through these different characteristics will enable you to see that you have more choices. It’s also helpful to seek external sources of in formation, rather than relying solely on your thinking and in stincts. But it’s important to think through whose opinions you solicit. M. Ideally, seek out people who are less in vested in your decision than you are. If you’re considering whether to shut down your entrepreneurial venture, for in stance, reach out to other founders as opposed to just your business partner. Similarly, if you’re looking for love advice, ask someone removed from the ups and downs of your relationship in stead of relying only on your best friend. In all cases, I recommend describing your situation and following up with a question like: “How would you manage this situation?” N. Alternately, you could also seek out hard data that illuminates your real chance of success in whatever endeavor you are contemplating. Sticking with the example of the entrepreneurial venture, numbers are your best friend. Use them to remove yourself from the love you have for this idea and consider your burn rate relative to growth plan, in dustry growth rates, and other factors that predict start-up success. External sources of in formation can help you see angles and possibilities you might not have considered. O. When something that seemed so promising at the start doesn’t turn out the way we imagined, we can become overly self-critical. Nobody likes to feel that they’ve made a poor decision, especially if making in telligent decisions is a quality you hold in high esteem. The most effective strategy here is to give yourself a break. Practicing self-compassion in creases your resilience (韧性), emotional in telligence, compassion to ward others, and can boost your performance as well as help you develop a growth mindset. P. Instead of deliberating and criticizing yourself, focus in stead on what you can learn from this situation. For example, Ryan recognized she had developed various new skills and leadership capabilities from leading the design project. And despite ultimately deciding to drop it, she was still happy she had tried and grateful for what the experience taught her. Q. Undeniably, perseverance can help us succeed. But for your well-being, it’s important to learn how to distinguish quitting too soon and clinging to a losing course of action. While letting go can be difficult, it will 6 https://zhenti.burningvocabulary.cn free up your time, energy, and mental space to imagine new possibilities and pursue new opportunities. 36. Feeling like they have more control over something or someone than they do, people get more committed to their pursuit when they should give up. 37. If you regard yourself as one who never quits, you may end up trapped in your course of action. 38. One of the author’s clients found it hard to give up a design project, in which she had put in a lot of time and effort. 39. The author suggests that one should direct their thoughts to the gains of quitting timely so as to move on. 40. When making a decision, you’d better ask for opinions of those who have less stake in your decision. 41. For people associating their identity with their commitments, quitting can feel like their identity is threatened. 42. People who regard highly the quality of making wise decisions do not feel good when they make a bad one. 43. The wisest leaders learn to distinguish between giving up too soon and sticking with something irrationally. 44. When people are thinking of an endeavor, they should dig out reliable data that tells them how likely they are to succeed. 45. Having a clear view of what’s in your control and what’s not is vital to making a good decision regarding whether to give up or stick it out. Section C Directions: There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A, B, C and D. You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. Passage One Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage. As in terdependent beings we cannot thrive in dependent of others. We like to work with people who are like- minded, with whom we share a common in terest, or who also believe in a cause we are serious about. This is evident in how we have organized ourselves into various collective groups such as nations, regions, communities, organizations, and families. Does the group you belong to have a strong collective consciousness or shared beliefs? Is there in terdependence among its members? Do you consider this group a significant part of your existence? If your answers are affirmative, then you are experiencing a micro version of solidarity. What is solidarity? Its simplest definition in the dictionary is: “... a unifying opinion, feeling, purpose or in terest among a group of people.” In this in creasingly diverse society we live in, solidarity takes on a complex and multifaceted character as it forms bonds of in terdependence among unique in dividuals living in a fast-changing environment and working within a complex division of labor. One facet of solidarity fits well with the principles of communitarianism (社 群 主 义). In this setting, in dividuals give up their own in terests to serve the common good. However, its strict adherence to social cohesiveness and exclusiveness restricts expression and practice of in dividual differences and preferences. Consequently, in dividuality and autonomy is sacrificed to maintain the unity of the group. Solidarity is also viewed as a reaction to the extreme emphasis on in dividualism and freedom of choice. It goes against the liberal idea of unrestricted in dividuals who see society as a hindrance to their freedom to make choices and to act according to what is good for them regardless of how these will affect others. But despite its many facets, social theorists have viewed solidarity as a key factor in bringing about order and progress in society. They believe that for human society to survive as it becomes more diverse, more new bonds need to be formed based on the differences. In the light of this, they regard a genuine solidarity as more 7 https://zhenti.burningvocabulary.cn than just shallow relationships based on common in terests. Solidarity is not just a product of strategic calculations of how much it will benefit the self. It is not an exclusive class founded on the you-and-me-against- the-world principle. Rather, it is in clusive and is not forced. Acting out of solidarity means supporting and standing up for each other — in recognition that one’s fate is in the fate of the other. It is a bond characterized by cooperative practices and strengthened by the concern for the well-being of others or the common good. It fights for the protection of human dignity and listens to and acts on the cries of the most vulnerable. 46. What does the author say about human beings? A. They cannot prosper without cooperating with each other. B. They share a common in terest and believe in a just cause. C. They think and behave alike in different social groups. D. They cannot gain in dependence without fighting for it. 47. What do we learn about solidarity in an in creasingly diverse society? A. It gives rise to a complicated division of labor. B. It in volves many aspects with great complexity. C. It brings in dividuals together as environment changes. D. It embraces the characteristics of different in dividuals. 48. What would we witness in the setting of communitarianism? A. Ruling of social no rms and ridding of in dividuality. B. Emphasis on the adherence to in dividual differences. C. Sacrifice of personal in terests for the common good. D. Elimination of in dividualism and personal choices. 49. What does solidarity entail according to the passage? A. A limit to personal differences. B. An opposition to in dividualism. C. A hindrance to social advancement. D. An in evitable end to liberal pursuits. 50. What do social theorists think of solidarity? A. It is especially relevant to the most vulnerable. B. It is most effective in protecting human dignity. C. It is essential to progress and order in society. D. It is in dispensable to avoiding shallow relationships. Passage Two Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage. People who repeatedly give unwanted advice can be well-meaning and genuinely want to help. Others might do this out of a sense of self-worth around the ability to in fluence others. One study found that people with a high tendency to seek power were more likely to give advice than those with an opposite tendency. Under the guise (外表) of unselfishness, people may be driven to give you unwanted advice because it makes them feel powerful or in control. They may not be fully aware of this drive, however. These people may also display a problematic degree of emotional vulnerability, becoming upset very quickly, and taking a long time to calm down. It is possible that their emotions were only validated in childhood when they were at their loudest, encouraging them to adopt responses to discomfort that are excessive in most situations. When someone is giving advice in order to make themselves feel more powerful, there is underlying anxiety to their behavior that recipients of the advice tend to no tice. It can be tempting in this situation to react harshly to the advice giver and to accuse them of being manipulative, but this approach might produce an undesired result. 8 https://zhenti.burningvocabulary.cn If the act of giving advice is contributing actively to someone’s feelings of self-worth, an outright (直率的) rejection may be perceived as a threat, activating their fight-or-flight response, possibly causing them to double down on their validation-seeking behavior, or leading to a larger conflict. The key is to validate without over-identifying. You can let them know that you have heard them and appreciate where they are coming from without taking on the potentially damaging narrative that you could not have gotten by without their help. You had better say something like, “Thanks for the idea. I have my own plan for handling this, but I really appreciate your perspective and will take it into consideration. Can I let you know when I need help in the future?” If you have trouble setting boundaries tactfully, prioritize working on your own ability to self-regulate. As uncomfortable as it may make you continuously receiving unwanted advice, if you can respond with compassion, the situation will likely diffuse much faster. Though it is usually not the in tended outcome of giving unsolicited advice, many who receive it of ten feel stressed, of fended, or simply annoyed by unwanted suggestions. Setting a boundary in this regard, if you feel you need one, is perfectly reasonable and something that can bring you in creased emotional safety. It is best to set boundaries in a way that takes into account the in dividual’s underlying reasons for doing what they are doing to avoid unnecessary conflict and more stress. 51. What is the finding of one study about people who keep giving unsolicited advice? A. They turn out to be well-meaning. B. They are genuinely kind-hearted. C. They are capable of in fluencing others. D. They are in clined to crave for power. 52. What is the problem with people who are driven to give you unsolicited advice? A. They may be quick to upset others. B. They may be emotionally vulnerable. C. They want their voice to be the loudest. D. They respond to discomfort excessively. 53. What is the advice receiver tempted to do when no ticing the advice giver’s underlying anxiety? A. Reveal the undesired result of their approach. B. Refuse their advice in an undisguised manner. C. Bring their real motives to the surface. D. Accuse them of trying to control others. 54. How is the advice giver likely to react to the rejection of their advice? A. They may regard it as a threat. B. They may modify their behavior. C. They get ready for a larger conflict. D. They begin to doubt their self-worth. 55. What should the advice receiver do to avoid unnecessary conflict? A. Concede the advice is perfectly reasonable. B. Give their reasons for not taking the advice. C. Understand why the advice giver of fers the advice. D. Explain their chosen way of handling the situation.